hey guys it's me Randall 1/8 and Sam and
today
then why do I see not and will do inside
it I want to cut it
lovely
he is a bike kind of short of a line
that's done and let's keep on wound up
by staff from but we're gonna take the
sides off so yeah I'm trimming know yet
oh we wanna make the chair Oh like
put it down you gotta go after him just
go over one thing again but you need a
Moses possess disaster hand over the
friend all right
well he's cutting it up you may feel a
little I'm just gonna block it out well
he's still gonna cut it out left foot I
want to show you in another video how to
put it together let them so it's a key
person let one slip it under water play
with together right um PVA glue like at
all any
and if you wanna do some exercise and if
you wanna ask like if you want to find
out how to make other things please send
playing like a comment or he subscribed
to do them this is like from when I have
the same goodbye just look at the
Venezuela